Harry Potter
============

Harry Potter is one of the most beloved movie franchises of all time. Harry
Potter goes toe to toe with Star Wars and the Marvel Movies. Eight movies are
derived from seven books written by J.K. Rowling. From the time Harry Potter
and the Sorcerer’s Stone came out in 2001 to the release of part two of Harry
Potter and the Deathly Hallows, the film series captivated millions of people.
They amassed $7.7 Billion in the box office.

The Books
---------

The eight movies came from the seven books, and many will say that the books
were better. This review will not debate if the films or the books are better.
However, I can’t help but appreciate the books. There would not be movies
without the books, so it is necessary to acknowledge the books.

The Review
----------

There are so many things that make the movies great. The music, the casting,
the screenplay, and so much more is what will be gone over in this review.

The Music
---------

Music is so important in any movie, and it can make or break how the audience
is supposed to feel. The Harry Potter theme song, written by John Williams, is
one of the best theme songs in cinema. Throughout the films, each movie gets
darker and darker, and the theme songs follow suit. Each movie has its twist
based on the movie. For example, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone’s theme
is very upbeat to symbolize the franchise's beginning and vice versa. On the
other hand, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows pt. 2 is very dark, so the
theme is tweaked to represent loss and tragedy.

The theme song is not the only music done perfectly throughout the franchise.
However, in every scene, the music and the scores fit perfectly, and it gets
better and better each movie.

The Casting
-----------

When anyone imagines Harry Potter, while either thinking of it or reading the
books, they think of Daniel Radcliffe, who was born to be Harry Potter, the
same goes for Rupert Grint and Emma Watson, as they are perfect for the roles
of Ron and Hermione. With that being said, the casting directors did a fantastic
job with all of the characters.

